Joanne Kathleen Rowling was born on July 31st, 1965 in Yate,Gloucestershire, England. Her  parents are Peter James Rowling and Anne Rowling and her sister is Dianne Rowling. Sheattended atSt Michael's Primary School, where the headmaster was suggested to be theinspiration for the character of ¡°Albus Dumbledore¡± in Harry Potter. She used to write fantasystories when she was a child and she read them to her sister. She attended secondary school atWyedean School and College. She studied at University of Exeter, French.When she finished university, she worked in London in different organizations, then she movedto Manchester with her boyfriend. One day, she was travelling back to London when shethought in the idea of writing ¡°Harry Potter¡± and started to write the manuscript.In December 30
th
, 1990, Joanne¡¯s mother died. Her family and Joanne were devastated by her death. This affected very much in the way that Joanne keep writing.She moved to Portugal some months after and she worked as an English Teacher. There, shegot married and had one daughter. Her marriage ended very soon, so she came back to live withher sister.It was very hard for her to finish her first book, ¡°Harry Potter and the Philosopher¡¯s stone¡±, butfinally she did it and it became in a big success.Harry Potter is a series of seven fantasy novels: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone,Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Harry Potter and the Prisioner of Azkaban, HarryPotter and the Goblet of Fire, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry Potter and theHalf-Blood Prince, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. The books of Harry Potter havetopped the best seller lists, won numerous awards and been translated into sixty languages.Also, the books have been taken to the film industry, where they have been a big success, too.She has brought again the tradition of boarding schools. The essentials of Harry Potter remindfairy tales and myths. Each book covers a year at Hogwarts and follows a similar plottraJectory.